README.md, before:

# 🖱️ MacClicker: The Ultimate macOS Auto Clicker

![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/Platform-macOS-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=apple)
![Language](https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-Python_3-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green?style=for-the-badge)
![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/macOS-11%2B-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=apple) 
![Chip](https://img.shields.io/badge/Chip-Intel_%7C_Apple_Silicon-gray?style=for-the-badge)

**MacClicker** is a professional-grade auto clicker built specifically for macOS. <br>A high-precision engine capable of **100 Clicks Per Second**, and advanced safety protocols.

---
Requirment Python 3+<br>Please Download from the latest release from<br>{ https://www.python.org/downloads/macos/ }<br>

Install Packages and Files Run { git clone [https://github.com/Kvc899/MacClicker.git](https://github.com/Kvc899/MacClicker.git) } in your terminal <br> Run App run this { cd MacClicker && python3 clicker.py } in your terminal<br>To Update the project please use { git config pull.rebase false
git pull origin main } then when this blob:https://gemini.google.com/3906b168-5095-4d8a-9351-fbd827182aae<img width="1024" height="629" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1e10b074-aaa8-4012-82c8-9df3ba51d88d" />
<img width="1024" height="629" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1e10b074-aaa8-4012-82c8-9df3ba51d88d" />


Thank you for using this project 😀

Commit message:

Update README with installation and usage details
Added installation, update instructions, and keyboard shortcuts.

README.md, after:

# 🖱️ MacClicker: The Ultimate macOS Auto Clicker

![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/Platform-macOS-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=apple)
![Language](https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-Python_3-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green?style=for-the-badge)
![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/macOS-11%2B-white?style=for-the-badge&logo=apple) 
![Chip](https://img.shields.io/badge/Chip-Intel_%7C_Apple_Silicon-gray?style=for-the-badge)

**MacClicker** is a professional-grade auto clicker built specifically for macOS. <br>A high-precision engine capable of **100 Clicks Per Second**, and advanced safety protocols.

---
Requirment Python 3+<br>Please Download from the latest release from<br>{ https://www.python.org/downloads/macos/ }<br>

#  Install and Run

Install Packages and Files Run { git clone [https://github.com/Kvc899/MacClicker.git](https://github.com/Kvc899/MacClicker.git) } in your terminal <br> Run App run this { cd MacClicker && python3 clicker.py } in your terminal
# Update 

<br>To Update the project please use <br>{ git config pull.rebase false
git pull origin main }<br> then when this pops up on your screen click ESC key then type { :wp } and your update is done
<img width="1024" height="629" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1e10b074-aaa8-4012-82c8-9df3ba51d88d" /><br>

# Keyboard Shortcuts

Key,Action
↑ (Up Arrow),Increase Speed by 5 CPS (Max 100)
↓ (Down Arrow),Decrease Speed by 5 CPS (Min 1)
Command + Q,Force Quit the application immediately

Thank you for using this project 😀
